here we go i'm eager to c 0 cell is not
i mean filipino champ is not even
risking it he went right to set he
already knows that there's also matchup
yeah so it's interesting though so now
801 strider has a choice between three
characters and he chooses to go with his
original able to fight against filipino
champ set i mean i don't know if i
personally like this match all too but
we're able I think there's actually kind
of scary but it'll was writer is
definitely pretty good so far
oh and just like that filipino chap has
started so I mean here's one of the
problems of Abel is that doesn't really
have good wake up options so it gets
more text easily but nice command throat
on another one oh and just like that Oh
Bates off the uppercut from champ and
then the option select sweep catching
the back dash Wow one command throw and
then that led into five proper punit you
know proper sequences in a row for
everyone strider not even any combos and
he just manages to take it off of that
and just like that half life is gone
another half like Glenda dizzy matches
over before even began so the funeral
champ has to be wondering okay what do I
play next alright so that was ex
right yes but chicks right so all right
so build my own jams gonna stick with it
though because he knows that dhalsim is
not gonna have much of a better chance
necessarily oh here we go
oh that was pretty good it looked like a
Filipino chapman trying to do an option
so like they're trying to Telegraph the
back there and right now just using the
jab pressure to yes did you need the
jabs in shorts to annoy a demonstrator
yeah how'd he wants its first writer to
you know become manic and press
something so he gets a combo oh but this
is all spiders we saw what happened last
time just got one sequence and that was
the end of it oh he tried to bait
something out with that neutral jump too
far for the throw oh that could have
been ultra yeah interesting that
Philippine Cameron with ultra too Wow
and he just went for the commando that
was a that was quite quite the decision
to make their she have just turns and
looks at us like man what am I supposed
to do yeah Gustavo's response to that is
what are you supposed to do supposed to
lose just lay down and die right now
Gustavo plain pretty clean Wow right now
telephoto tempest can't get anything
started yeah this is Oh perfectly
distance with that exist i did this
decision right here might be it oh and
illustrator was looking for an uppercut
from Filipino champ did if I get it Oh
chimp try to bait out the role or back
cash maybe again same mix up and as a
separate player you have to be way more
random with set yeah if you have to
clean up a gameplay people can tell what
you're gonna do wake up cut man through
yeah I mean it went through the low
light kick
so here's the thing right Filipino champ
he's so calculating he's so precise and
he's very methodical and I think that's
kind of what makes Seth a wrong
character for him exactly you and said
seth has to be crazy unbeatable it